README.md, before:

What is Cisco Packet Tracer?
Cisco Packet Tracer is a powerful network simulation tool developed by Cisco. It allows users to create, configure, and test network topologies virtually without physical hardware. It supports a range of network devices and protocols and is widely used for learning and certification training, including CCNA.

Getting Started
To start practicing with these files, follow these steps:

Clone the Repository:
Clone this repository to your local machine using:
git clone <repository-url>

Install Cisco Packet Tracer:
Download and install Cisco Packet Tracer from the official Cisco Networking Academy website. Note that Packet Tracer may require registration or membership.

Open Packet Tracer:
Launch the Cisco Packet Tracer application.

Load Practical Files:
Navigate to the cloned repository folder and open any .pkt file in Packet Tracer.

Explore and Practice:
Interact with the network topology, examine device configurations, test different protocols, and troubleshoot the network scenario.

Contributions
Contributions are welcome! If you have additional practical files or improvements, please open a pull request with a brief description of the file and its focus.

Commit message:

Add problem definition to README
Added a problem definition section outlining the challenges in enterprise networks and the focus of the project.

README.md, after:

Problem Definition
In the present digital era, enterprise networks are the backbone of all organizational operations. They connect departments, enable resource sharing, facilitate cloud adoption, and allow seamless communication between internal and external stakeholders. However, the complexity of these networks introduces significant challenges. A single misconfiguration or inefficient design can cascade into severe outages, service degradation, and substantial financial losses. The problem addressed in this project centers around the lack of automation in topology generation, configuration errors in networking devices, inefficient traffic handling, and the limitations of manual troubleshooting.
What is Cisco Packet Tracer?
Cisco Packet Tracer is a powerful network simulation tool developed by Cisco. It allows users to create, configure, and test network topologies virtually without physical hardware. It supports a range of network devices and protocols and is widely used for learning and certification training, including CCNA.

Getting Started
To start practicing with these files, follow these steps:

Clone the Repository:
Clone this repository to your local machine using:
git clone <repository-url>

Install Cisco Packet Tracer:
Download and install Cisco Packet Tracer from the official Cisco Networking Academy website. Note that Packet Tracer may require registration or membership.

Open Packet Tracer:
Launch the Cisco Packet Tracer application.

Load Practical Files:
Navigate to the cloned repository folder and open any .pkt file in Packet Tracer.

Explore and Practice:
Interact with the network topology, examine device configurations, test different protocols, and troubleshoot the network scenario.

Contributions
Contributions are welcome! If you have additional practical files or improvements, please open a pull request with a brief description of the file and its focus.
